#WEREWOLF_START

Grumpy Werewolf: Prices keep going up. Meat’s half the size, twice the cost.
Valentina: Yup. Inflation is hitting everyone, even us monsters.
Grumpy Werewolf: Back in my day, one hunt fed an entire family for a week.
Grumpy Werewolf: Now everything’s “imported” and “processed”… pathetic.
Grumpy Werewolf: My grandkids don’t even track prey anymore.
Grumpy Werewolf: They just sit there saying “67” all the time like WHAT THE HELL DOES THAT EVEN MEAN?
Valentina: Honestly, I don’t even know either, and I'm chronically online.
Grumpy Werewolf: World’s not making any sense! And I’m the one expected to keep up?!

#ORDER Finger Float
Grumpy Werewolf: Finger Float. Strong. None of that watered-down crap.
Valentina: Sure. No “please” I assume?

#Werewolf_GOOD
Grumpy Werewolf: …Hmph. Finally, something that tastes like it fights back.
Valentina: Careful now! That almost sounded like a compliment.

#Werewolf_BAD
Grumpy Werewolf: Too soft! What is this?! A smoothie?!
Valentina: Trust me. It’s an improvement.

#Werewolf_WRONG
Grumpy Werewolf: This isn’t what I ordered. Are you trying to start something?
Valentina: Oh yeah totally. Because I have nothing better to do.


#Zombie_Start

Zombie: I had a job. For, like… a week.
Zombie: Then there was this party… and then another one…
Zombie: You ever just not go home for, like, three days?
Valentina: If I did I would be dead by now.
Zombie: Oh. right. Anyways, my boss kept trying to call me. I think. My phone died though.
Zombie: Bills are stacking up but… I don’t think I wanna deal with that right now.
Zombie: As long as the music’s loud, I don’t really have to think.
Valentina: Yeah. That’s definitely not gonna blow up in your face any time soon.

#ORDER Cranial Cocktail
Zombie: Uh… Cranial Cocktail. Extra sweet. Like, really sweet.

#Zombie_GOOD
Zombie: Ohhh yeah… that hits the spot. I can’t feel my face… wait… oh never can.
Valentina: Uhhhhhh you’re welcome?

#Zombie_BAD
Zombie: Ew… bro this ain’t it. I have literally eaten roadkill that tasted better than this.
Valentina: I know… I’m worried about the wrong thing here but… you eat roadkill?

#Zombie_WRONG
Zombie: Wait… did I order this? …No, I don’t think so… did I?
Valentina: I’m impressed you remember ordering anything at all.


#Dracula_Start

Dracula: I haven’t rested in days. Not that rest comes easily anymore.
Valentina: Yeahhh, you and me both man.
Dracula: The castle needs repairs. The children need feeding.
Dracula: So I took another job. Imagine that.
Dracula: Centuries of power… now I answer to a schedule.
Dracula: My son asked why I’m never home.
Dracula: I had no answer for him.
Valentina: Well I can already tell who's going to develop daddy issues.

#ORDER Eyeballiti
Dracula: A Eyeballiti please. Refined. Balanced. Please don’t mess this up. I’ll cry.

#Dracula_GOOD
Dracula: …Perfect. For the first time in a while, things feel… manageable.
Valentina: …I think you might need therapy.

#Dracula_BAD
Dracula: Unbalanced. Rushed. Like my life.
Valentina: Uhhh I really hope I’m not your thirteenth reason buddy.

#Dracula_WRONG
Dracula: Th-this is not what I requested? A-am I just so unlucky?
Valentina: Yeah I’m starting to think that you are.


#MonsterHunter_Start

Monster Hunter: Busy night huh?
Valentina: Eh, pretty usual if you ask me, I’m used to it.
Monster Hunter: Predictability. I like that.
Valentina: Haha. Yeah. So what can I get you?
Monster Hunter: Just the cheapest drink you got.
Valentina: …..water?
Monster Hunter: Perfect!

Monster Hunter: You run this place?
Valentina: Just the bar. That enough for you?
Monster Hunter: Usually the bar tells you everything you need to know.
Valentina: That sounds a little ominous.
Monster Hunter: Not meant to be. Just observant.
Monster Hunter: You’ve been here a while then.
Valentina: Long enough.
Monster Hunter: So you know how things work.
Valentina: I know what I need to know.
Monster Hunter: And the company? They keep things running this smooth?
Valentina: Why do you care?
Monster Hunter: Curiosity.
Valentina: Uh huh. That kind usually comes with a reason.
Monster Hunter: Sometimes.
Valentina: You gonna tell me yours?
Monster Hunter: ...
Monster Hunter: You seem like you notice things too.
Valentina: I have to.
Monster Hunter: Then you’d know if something here was… off.
Valentina: If it was, I wouldn’t be working here.
Monster Hunter: Or you’ve learned not to question it.
Valentina: Or there’s nothing to question.
Monster Hunter: Riiight. Same people, same hours… not much changes.
Valentina: That’s kind of the point.
Monster Hunter: Makes it easier to notice when something does.
Valentina: That’s a weird thing to say to a bartender.
Monster Hunter: You’re not just a bartender though.
Valentina: …You don’t know me.
Monster Hunter: …Not yet.

#MonsterHunter_GOOD
Monster Hunter: Hmmm, refreshing.
Valentina: Yeah. Crazy what water can do.

#MonsterHunter_BAD
Monster Hunter: Ummm, is this tap by chance?
Valentina: Would you believe me if I said yes?

#MonsterHunter_WRONG
Monster Hunter: …This doesn’t look like water.
Valentina: No dip Sherlock